{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Student%27s_t-test\
2. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central_tendency\
3. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stroop_effect\
4. https://faculty.washington.edu/chudler/java/ready.html\
5. http://stattrek.com/m/statistics/dictionary.aspx?definition=lurking%20variable\
6. http://study.com/academy/lesson/lurking-variable-in-statistics-definition-example.html\
7. http://support.minitab.com/en-us/minitab/17/topic-library/modeling-statistics/regression-and-correlation/regression-models/what-is-a-lurking-variable/\
8. http://www.philender.com/courses/intro/notes/opdef.html\
9. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operational_definition\
10. https://www.google.co.kr/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&ion=1&espv=2&es_th=1&ie=UTF-8#newwindow=1&q=operational+definition+in+statistics\
11. http://jalt.org/test/bro_8.htm\
12. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Validity_(statistics)#Construct_validity\
13. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Construct_validity\
14. http://www.statisticshowto.com/construct-validity/\
15. http://stattrek.com/m/estimation/confidence-interval.aspx\
16. http://stattrek.com/m/statistics/dictionary.aspx?definition=parameter\
17. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Validity_(statistics)\
18. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Construct_validity\
19. http://support.minitab.com/en-us/minitab/17/topic-library/basic-statistics-and-graphs/hypothesis-tests/basics/null-and-alternative-hypotheses/\
20. http://support.minitab.com/en-us/minitab/17/topic-library/basic-statistics-and-graphs/hypothesis-tests/basics/what-is-a-hypothesis-test/\
21. http://www.statisticshowto.com/when-to-use-a-t-score-vs-z-score/\
22. http://support.minitab.com/en-us/minitab/17/topic-library/basic-statistics-and-graphs/hypothesis-tests/tests-of-means/types-of-t-tests/\
23. http://support.minitab.com/en-us/minitab/17/topic-library/basic-statistics-and-graphs/hypothesis-tests/basics/directional-and-nondirectional-hypotheses/\
24. http://support.minitab.com/en-us/minitab/17/topic-library/basic-statistics-and-graphs/hypothesis-tests/basics/what-is-a-critical-value/\
25. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Student%27s_t-test#Unpaired_and_paired_two-sample_t-tests}